Add minimal cardinality for service dependencies (#840)
apache/celix: documents/components.md

5. Configures for which service name the service dependency will track services for. Optionally it is also possible
   to fine tune the tracked service by providing a service version range and/or service filter.
6. Configures the update strategy for the service dependency to suspend-strategy.
7. Configures the service dependency as a required service dependency by setting the minimalCardinality to at least `1`.

>    Setting the minimalCardinality determines howmany services are required for the service dependency to be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Setting the minimalCardinality determines how many services are required for the service dependency to be available.
```

   service dependency, component or DM is build. Note that the `celix::dm::Component::createServiceDependency` method
   is called without provided a service name, the service name will be inferred using the `celix::typeName`.
5. Configures the service dependency set callback.
6. Configures the service dependency as a required service dependency by setting the minimalCardinality to at least `1`.

>    Setting the minimalCardinality determines howmany services are required for the service dependency to be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Setting the minimalCardinality determines how many services are required for the service dependency to be available.
```
